jaguares has always been about trying to
combine design and technology and
innovation for the 75th anniversary of
chaga we wanted to try and show
something we'll try and demonstrate
something that expresses what Jaguars of
the future could look like and be like
we needed to show how the design
language can be relevant in the future
we needed to show how we could deliver
performance and lightweight in the
future and we needed to show how
forward-looking technologies could be
delivered within that within that
package the key message here is it needs
to be a sustainable a supercar a
relevant supercar to today's environment
so its performance with clearly with
that responsibility as well
we're talking in the region of the top
speed of greater than 200 miles an hour
in use and a fully electric mode that's
when the vehicle is operated purely from
the battery cell under that mode there's
just under 70 miles worth of range of
the vehicle capable of delivering then
there's the charge sustaining or range
extended use and that's when the
turbines effectively charge and top up
the battery cells and under that
operating mode vehicle we'll have a
range of onion ecology when the turbines
power direct to the fourth electrical
motors which are in each of the four
corners of the vehicle and that's how we
deliver the north 200 kilometers in 3.4
seconds
in the 675 is very much a beacon for the
future it really starts to showcase our
expertise in cutting-edge design and
intelligent use of new technologies but
in a sustainable manner